Do you want to work in the Strategy, Risk & Transactions - Advisory - Mergers & Acquisitions department and support clients throughout the entire M&A deal cycle - from strategy and due diligence to financing and technology issues through to the successful implementation and integration of transactions? Our team supports clients in buying, selling or merging companies - strategically, financially and legally.

Make a difference with us and contribute to our common success as:  Intern Data & GenAI / M&A Analytics (m/f/d) .

Location:  Frankfurt (Main) .
Your impact:

As an  Intern Data & GenAI / M&A Analytics (m/f/d) , you’ll play a pivotal role in facilitating data driven decisions that power major transactions. Here’s what you’ll do:

    M&A Involvement : Participate in Financial Due Diligences for Private Equity and Corporate acquirers during key transaction processes.
    Vendor Support : Assist your team in business sale processes through Vendor Assistance and Vendor Due Diligence.
    Data Mastery : Develop algorithms and processes to curate, organize, and analyze critical information for decision-making.
    Pipeline Development & Process Analysis:  Contribute to the design, construction, and enhancement of data pipelines, while orchestrating workflows and conducting thorough analysis of data processes.
    Insightful Reporting : Prepare interactive reports and chapters for Financial Due Diligence/Financial Factbooks that drive meaningful outcomes. 

Your skillset:

    Education : Enrolment in the final semester of a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Data Science, Business Analytics, or a related field.
    Programming Languages : Advanced knowledge of  Python  for data manipulation, scripting, and automating tasks.
    Data Processing : Experience in using libraries like  pandas ,  NumPy , or similar tools to work with large datasets.
    Node.js  and  React.js : For understanding or contributing to front-end analytics interfaces.
    Large Language Models:  Proficiency in the use and architecture of large language models such as Claude, GPT, Azure OpenAI, or Azure Machine Learning, is a plus. This includes the ability to work with  API  integration, Retrieval-Augmented Generation, embeddings, vector databases, and prompt engineering.
    Cloud Service Providers:  Previous exposure or experience with cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP) is beneficial.
    Portfolio : A portfolio showcasing past projects or hands-on experience in data analysis, dashboard creation, or algorithm development will be a big plus.
    Languages : Fluency in  English and German  (written and spoken) is essential for this role.
    Other Qualities : A self-motivated, responsible attitude, problemsolving mindest, coupled with strong organizational and communication skills, and a willingness to travel occasionally. 

Your chance:

    Real responsibility  for personal task packages within our projects, which you complete independently
    Personal mentor  on your team who offers you help and advice and supports you with their extensive expertise
    An international, opportunity-filled environment  which offers you unique insights into working at the world’s biggest audit and consulting firm
    Work-life balance  in an innovative corporate environment with plenty to offer, including health days, staff events, and lots more
    Cross-departmental networking  within the Deloitte Student Network, with exclusive presentations and regular dialog at intern meetups
    Plenty of scope for creativity  and  active promotion of an inclusive corporate culture  – for instance through our diversity and inclusion employee networks 

Your availability:

As an intern you will ideally be available for a period of 3-6 months as of right now. 